# rcode
This repo contains the prelude to a love poem written to our future holographic selfs (It is common knowledge that the amount of energy required to screw life up for your future self is entirely predicated on the amount of slothfulness generated in the present.  The amount of energy required to perform the same function on your future brain in a jar is exactly the same, but less fulfilling.  This sour fact has led to all manners of philosophical discussion and treaties on work ethic which has only been recently solved by a new concept we call "Ambition"),  an attempt to sort the ramblings of the inner mind,  an insufferable amount of poorly written humor, a cryptic political theory based on 17th century radical traditionalism (and a subsequent return of the superstitious magical amluet market.  [I suppose that's just Capitalism again]),  incoherent ramblings brought on by a mild dosage of alcohol,  and possibly but surely unlikely a few code snippets having to do with algorithms and A.I. gf's (It counts! [It doesn't]).

In other words this repo is poorly written,  quite energetic (or insane), and an attempt to write multi-lingual code.

You could probably expect but not bet on seeing Scheme, Forth, Prolog, Haskell, or SML alongside a number of inner-code comments that probably have nothing to do with the present situation.

If any of these seem unappealing,  revolting, or generally unpleasant rest assured, it is.

Disclaimer:  This is my attempt at having some lighthearted fun.  A serious summary of this repo would be a place I can (hopefully) push and organize various work in.  I've chosen the 5 languages as the summary of my whirlwind tour through most of the languages in existence.  To me, these 5 mostly represent high quality in language design,  high provisioning of useful thought patterns,  and last but not least a functional bent.  If for some reason you're reading this repo,  try to take your businessman hat off and have a little fun working with relatively obscure languages (when compared to industry use).  
